hey whatever happens tomorrow I think
it's in your best interest to get an
attorney who's gonna represent your
interest alone let me get an attorney
now no not now the first thing is gonna
happen is the company lawyers gonna come
to all the executives with a list of
attorneys for you to pick from you got
to understand these attorneys are paid
for by ABM they don't represent you do
not pick one of these attorneys that's
when you tell them that you have your
own attorney once it starts it is going
to be intense they are going to know
that somebody was on the inside working
with us and they're gonna do almost
anything to find out who it is but you
guys still think I'm gonna be okay at
the company right I mean you guys are
gonna you know take down the bad guys
but I'll be okay right
tell them you're cooperating with the
government yeah I know I know but I mean
I'm just asking if you guys think I'm
gonna be okay at the company this thing
well I think the corporate culture is
gonna change a little bit fresh you say
so
oh yeah we should just focus